[Music]
ten habits we thought were good but
actually aren't when you were a kid your
parents probably taught you to
immediately brush your teeth after meals
not to sit in front of the computer
screen for too long and to never stand
near a microwave when it's cooking
something well it turns out you probably
should have given up some of these
habits a long time ago in fact some of
them can even be really dangerous to
your health
one you have to clean your ears
regularly the human body is amazingly
self-sufficient doing for itself
tons of stuff so that you don't have to
and that includes certain cleaning of
course that doesn't mean you shouldn't
take a shower and practice good hygiene
but a lot of your body parts actually
clean themselves your ears included ear
wax is supposed to lubricate the ear
canals and protect them from bacteria
fungi and insects it naturally gets
removed by the body itself and it's
pretty cool how this happens earwax
makes its way towards the exit by
sliding down the ear canals then while
you're chewing your food these movements
drive it out completely pretty cool huh
but when you clean your ears yourself
you end up doing more harm than good
when you intrude into the ear canal you
caused an increased production of earwax
and chances are you'll just push the wax
even deeper into the canal especially if
you use a cotton swab
this can cause a blockage which in turn
can lead to a temporary loss of hearing
all you should do is clean your ears out
gently with a wet towel after a shower
or bath - you shouldn't stand near the
microwave when it's working microwave
ovens aren't as dangerous as many people
think unlike x-rays or tanning beds
microwaves don't produce chemicals or
radiation known to damage DNA and cause
genetic mutations in fact this appliance
is made in such a way that the
electromagnetic radiation it produces
can't get out of its confines
so if you just can't wait to hold
minutes for your hot pocket to finish
cooking and you want to plaster your
face up against the glass and
apprehensively watch it spin it's
totally okay no health risk here however
you do still have to be careful when
you're nuking your food if you reheat
leftovers you can get food poisoning the
thing is that a safe enough temperature
isn't typically reached when you use a
microwave so there still might be some
bacterial contamination just keep that
in mind and be careful with your food
temperatures 3 you don't have to close
the toilet lid when you flush everyone
knows they should flush right after
they're done doing their business at
least I hope everybody knows but it's
important to do it right if the toilet
lid is left open little particles of the
stuff you left in the bowl gets sprayed
up to 6 feet when you flush sending
bacteria all over the place that's just
nasty these germs present a potential
and in some case quite real threat of
getting an infection so remember to
close the lid before you flush 4 you
should always wash your food before
cooking it not all kinds of food really
need to be washed
for instance red meat and poultry should
never be put under water you won't get
rid of the bacteria you'll just spread
them all over your kitchen instead a
particularly dangerous type of food
poisoning is caused by the bacteria
Campylobacter which lives on raw chicken
meat when you wash the meat water
splashes off it and contaminates your
clothing hands utensils and surfaces you
should bake or boil meat without washing
it beforehand this way the high
temperatures will kill those harmful
bacteria but any bacteria that have
spread to the table or somewhere else in
your kitchen can end up in your body if
you don't disinfect your surfaces
thoroughly other foods like fruits and
vegetables should be washed before you
eat them
5 clean your nose out if you need to
when your nose is stuffed up you feel so
uncomfortable that you'll do anything if
it helps you breathe more
easily but cleaning out your nose can
lead to some serious problems because
you can open it up to outside bacteria
this can lead to an infection in your
nostrils or sinus canals just like your
ears your nose cleans itself out too to
get rid of everything inside you can
blow your nose carefully or rinse it out
with saline solution if you do put your
fingers in your nose make sure they're
clean first and make sure don't buddy's
around to catch you digging for gold 6
built up lime scale in a kettle is a
health hazard if you know your chemistry
you're well aware that lime scale is
nothing but built-up calcium and
magnesium carbonate a lot of heartburn
medications are actually based on these
chemicals and people take them just fine
yet there's still this misconception
that lime scale buildup in kettles is
dangerous for your health in fact it's
pretty safe after all nobody eats it on
purpose and large amounts but noting how
much lime scale you have in your kettle
can help you understand if your tap
water is full of chemicals 7 always
brush your teeth after eating of course
you should brush your teeth regularly at
least twice a day but it's important not
to do it right away but instead 30 to 60
minutes after a meal tooth enamel is the
most solid part of the human body but it
becomes softer under acidic conditions
like after eating fruit or some dairy
products if you brush your teeth right
after a meal you can damage them by
removing the enamel dentists recommend
rinsing your mouth out with water or
chewing some gum to increase the
production of saliva which naturally
cleans the teeth one more ways to brush
your teeth before you eat something
acidic this way you'll reduce the number
of bacteria in your mouth and the fewer
the bacteria there are when you eat the
less they'll multiply 8 crossing your
legs is harmful
for a long time people thought that
sitting with their legs crossed was a
surefire way to develop varicose veins
but recent studies show that it doesn't
lead to this condition at all varicose
veins are more typical in women
especially those who have had a lot of
kids
however while crossing our legs when you
sit might draw more attention to the
veins it's definitely not the cause of
them of course you shouldn't spend too
much time sitting this way but that's
true for any seated position in general
9 working on the computer is bad for
your eyes obviously your eyes do get
tired after staring at a computer screen
for a long time but being tired isn't
the reason why your vision might worsen
scientists have come up with the term
computer vision syndrome or digital eye
strain which is used to describe dry
eyes and pain in the neck and shoulders
this syndrome can also trigger a
headache and blurry vision to avoid such
symptoms you should follow these simple
rules use a monitor with the right level
of brightness take breaks and blink more
often so that your eyes don't dry out 10
holding the steering wheel at 10 and 2
one of the first things we learn at
driving school is the rule of 10 and 2
they taught us to imagine that our
steering wheel is a clock and our hands
should be placed where the 10 and 2
would be it's believed that it can help
you control the car better if you need
to handle an unexpected obstacle but
this is of course of misconception
experts actually recommend keeping your
hands at 9 and 3 this position will
allow you to make turns even at high
speeds plus it keeps your hands further
from the airbag which in case of an
accident can save you from serious
injury how many new facts have you
learned from this video which one was
the most shocking tell us in the
comments below share this video with
your friends don't you think they should
know this information to remember to hit
the like button and subscribe to our
channel if you haven't done so yet we
have tons of cool stuff on the bright
side of life
you